#summary Minutes of the meetings with the supervisor
#labels Phase-Requirements

= 2008-09-01 =

==General==

*Where:* Office of Chris Christensen

*When:* 01/09/2008 01:30pm (week 5)

*Who:* Chris Christensen, Joerg Seifert, Marc Hammerton, *Scott Messner*

==Topics==

  # *Meetings:* We will have weekly meetings, propably on Tuesday afternoon.
  # *Proposal:* We are asked to do ...
    * a literature review (programming language, streaming format, technologies, etc.)
    * list the top 10 features (interview clients)
    * list the top 10 risks
  # *Hints*: 
    * Develop a feature set in order to better understand the proposed system
    * Identify all the necessary hardware we will need for developing the proposed system. 
    *Creating some GUI mock-ups for Gilles. Once we are able to lock down the look and feel for the user interface, we won't have to worry about it as much later in development.

==Next Planned Meeting==
Check date and time per email with Chris